---
title: Religion. 
layout: post
tags: life
comments: no
---

In this post, I'll explain my understanding about Christianity. 

God provides love to break this zero-sum game that we human beings are playing. Why is this a zero-sum game? 

# Making the world a better place

One of the most important shift of ideology brought by Christianity would be "bring light to the world around you" - to make the world within your reach a better place. 

Some may argue that we cannot tell what's "better". Some may argue that let everyone behave according to their desire is the best way. 

Not to mention that people and market need to be regulated in reality. 

What works is not everyone fighting for their selfish desire. What works is to let everyone work for the things that they desire for. It would naturally makes him work harder and more efficiently. Don't use this to justify selfish desires. 

I started referencing Bertrand Russell's message to future generations, but ended breaking it. I choose to believe in Christianity simply because I think it would have beneficent social effects if it were believed, and because I'm no hero and I can't be the kind of person I want to be without believing in Christianity. I'm OK to admit that I made this choice without being able to formally prove Christianity is real. 

Witnessing a lot of people constantly thinking about what's love and fighting against their own desire to do what they think is love gives me power to not just live a lift that's driven by my desires. 

# Be aware of some mistakes

1. A lot of times, people use Christianity to help themselves feel that they are better than others. E.g., "I'm more loving."

# Resources

- https://jsparkblog.com/2016/09/10/question-my-faith-is-up-and-down-and-all-over-the-place/
- https://jsparkblog.com/2014/12/23/the-skeptical-christian-limping-to-the-finish-line/
- http://jspark3000.tumblr.com/
- https://jsparkblog.com/
